FUNCTIONAL SCENARIOS
Login Text Field---> To check that Login text field should accept alpabet values.
To check that Login text field should not accept the numeric content.
To check that Login text field should not accept the special characters expect underscore.
To check that Login text field should accept alphabets with special character( _ )
To check that Login text field should accept of combination of Alphabets, Numbers and Special charcters.
To check that login is not possible with the wrong credentials.
To check that an error message appears for an invalid Login name.

Password Text Field---> To check that Login is possible with a valid password.
To check that limit of characters for password matches with the specified range.
To check that an error message appears for an invalid password.
To check that if the login is possible with the new password after the password is reset.
To check that login is not possible with the wrong credentials.
To check that Password text field font size, colour, and style match the specified requirements.

Save password Check Box---> To check that checkbox is selectable or not.
To check that checkbox alignment on the form page is proper or not.
To check that if the label for the checkbox is properly aligned.
To check that functionality of the check box woithout selecting checkbox.
To check that proper alert message for check box showing or not.
To check that selection of the checkbox gets disabled or not during page loading.
To check that Tick on check box is properly visible to the user or not.

Login Button---> To chekc that Login button should be enabeld.
To check that Login button should be clickable.
To check that user will be able to login with a valid username and valid password.
To check that user cannot login with a valid username and invalid password.
To check that when user click on login button without entering data in mandatory field then error message for mandatory field showing or not.
To check that page redirect to the expected page or not when user enter the valid dta in all the fields.
To check that login button size/colour as per requirement or not.
To check that button name showing as per requirement or not.

